# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: 12.02.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Marta Cortes Orduna**

### Minutes

According to feedback, there are no major issues that are required to change.</br>
Two key points has been highlighted that should be noted though:</br>
    1.	It has been mentioned that in the first section, describe the RESTful API, we should include some information about the   
        advantages of our API. We should aim to sell our API towards clients. Therefore, a bit more information should be presented in 
        order to do the marketing for our web API. </br>
    2.	Regarding the resources, it has been suggested to ensure minimum five resources are available for our API. As according to our           provided diagram there are more than five resources, so it is advised we can make changes lately if we are not able to implement         all the described resources.

### Action points

Considering the feedback, we have made the changes in our API description section.</br>
And for resources, we will modify with the progression of our project. 


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE: 24.02.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### Minutes

In meeting 2, several points have been highlighted and discussed for example, design of the database, implementation process, and testing part. It is mentioned and checked that most of them are done according to guidelines provided. </br> </br>
However, just one point mentioned that is required to change. It is advised to provide the information regarding the design of database
in given table instead of describing elaborately. It is mentioned, it makes easier to read and understand.



### Action points

As per suggestion, we would make the changes. The illustration about database design would be provided in the given table.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE: 19.03.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### Minutes

In meeting 3, we have been advised to work on some key areas. We are told to add an entry point in our API diagram, as well as to update urls for general accessible bookables and slots. Besides, it is mentioned to add error codes to the documentation. In addition, suggestion has been made to change some of the update and delete, as well as to add requests responses.

### Action points

We have taken the comments into account and have worked on those issues to make the changes.

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE: 15.04.2020**
* **ASSISTANTS: Ivan Sanchez Milara**

### Minutes

Several points are addressed in meeting 4 and we are advised to make improvements on those issues. For instances, we are told to organize the code in more appropriate manner (currently looks bit messy), as well as comments should be included in coding. It is also mentioned to update readme file with providing proper guideline for user regarding how to run our API. Another key point is advised to ensure we have the coverage. Lastly, we are suggested to update time allocation table with proper timing.

### Action points

We have discussed among us and have made realistic plan to make the improvements according to given guidelines.


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

